## Strategy

The following is a small selection of pieces I have developed for editorial and content strategy.

* [Content Audit](/samples/docs/content_audit.xlsx) I developed a content audit ([PDF](/samples/docs/content_audit.pdf) or [Excel workbook](/samples/docs/content_audit.xlsx)) as part of the standard migration process ([see the migration tutorial site sample](/samples/aapmigrations/process1/)). A more detailed explanation of the audit's components can be found on the first tab of the Excel workbook. 
* [Core Modeling Exercise](/samples/docs/core_modeling.pdf) The core modeling exercise ([PDF](/samples/docs/core_modeling.pdf)) helps content owners actively participate in strategy development for new sites or migrations of old content to a new platform. The exercise forces stakeholders to delimit business objectives, user tasks, audience hierarchy, and forward and inward paths before making less fundamental decisions about a site (eg, site architecture or visual design) that will unequivocally suffer if the core model is not already well delimited.
* [Metadata lists for AAP.org](/samples/docs/metadata.txt) This text file shows the a selection of the metadata schema I developed for tagging and content management for AAP.org. Of note, the topics collection is the amalgam of site-specific topics and a topics collection developed by a MeSH SME for [AAP Gateway](http://www.aappublications.org/) (the Academy's new journals and publications platform).
* [Wireframes](/samples/docs/wireframes.pdf) I developed these wireframes using [balsamiq](https://balsamiq.com/) as part of the content migration process for AAP.org. Wireframes were not presented until after content owners completed their core modeling, content audit, analytics review, and two consultations with the websites/editorial team. You can see an [example of a blank wireframe as well](/samples/docs/wireframes_blank.pdf), which I used to help content owners architect new subsites. These specific wireframes were for AAP.org subsites for Councils, Committees, Sections, and Initiatives (ie, the "CCSI" layout).
